nano: refresh (#6235)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/nano.md

> Simple, easy to use command-line text editor. An enhanced, free Pico clone.
> More information: <https://nano-editor.org>.

> - Open nano without a file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a new file in nano:
```
I think `open without a file` sounds a bit weird

`nano`

- Open a specific file:

`nano {{path/to/file}}`

> - Open a specific file positioning the cursor at the specified line and column:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a specific file, positioning the cursor at the specified line and column:
```
I think that makes it easier to read

`nano +{{line}},{{column}} {{path/to/file}}`

- Open a specific file and enable smooth scrolling:

> `nano -S {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nano --softwrap {{path/to/file}}`
```

> `nano --softwrap {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer 3: This is not what this argument does. From the man page:

```
       -S, --softwrap
              Display over multiple screen rows lines that exceed the screen's
              width.  (You can make this soft-wrapping occur at whitespace in‐
              stead of rudely at the screen's edge, by using also --atblanks.)
              (The old short option, -$, is deprecated.)
```

Reviewer: Also it says:
```
Since version 4.0, nano by default:

           • does not automatically hard-wrap lines that become overlong,
           • includes the line below the title bar in the editing area,
           • does linewise (smooth) scrolling.

If you want the old, Pico behavior back, you can use --breaklonglines,
--emptyline, and --jumpyscrolling (or -bej for short).
```
So I think changing the description should be fine e.g. (`- Open a specific file and enable soft wrapping: `).

- Open a specific file and indent new lines to the previous lines' indentation:

> `nano -i {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nano --autoindent {{path/to/file}}`
```

> - Open nano and create a backup if edits are saved:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open nano and create a backup file (`file~`) if edits are saved:
```
What do you think?

Author: ```suggestion
- Open nano and create a backup file {{file}}~ if edits are saved:
```

Reviewer: Most clients will mess up token syntax inside of descriptions

> - Open nano and create a backup file (`file~`) if edits are saved:

Reviewer 3: I think the old example description is better.

Reviewer: I prefer the new one for following reasons:
* "Backup" isn't very specific. To me this could be some file fragments hidden in a temporary system folder or maybe saved anywhere in any other form. `Backup file` implies to me that it copies the unsaved file like it is.
* `file~` directly tells you how the backup file is named, so you don't have to guess how you could find it. And since there is only `file~` without a path it kind of shows that it's in the same directory as the original file.

Author: pinging @sbrl

Reviewer 3: I see. What about this?
```suggestion
- Create a backup file (`file~`) when saving edits:
```

Author: I think it needs the `open nano` bit then fine by me

Author: ```suggestion
- Open nano and create a backup file (`file~`) when saving edits:
```

> `nano -B {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nano --backup {{path/to/file}}`
```
